Included 'alt' attribute to the images (#19511)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/django/forms/index.md

If you are successful, the default form will look like this:

![Default form which displays the book details, due date, renewal date and a submit button appears in case the link works successfully](forms_example_renew_default.png)

The form with an invalid value entered will look like this:

> ![Image displaying output in case an invalid date is entered in the form](forms_example_renew_invalid.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Same form as above with an error message: invalid date - renewal in the past](forms_example_renew_invalid.png)
```

The list of all books with renew links will look like this:

> ![Displays list of all renewed books along with their details](forms_example_renew_allbooks.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Displays list of all renewed books along with their details. Past due is in red.](forms_example_renew_allbooks.png)
```

Finally, we can delete the page by appending delete to the end of the author detail-view URL (e.g. `http://127.0.0.1:8000/catalog/author/10/delete/`). Django should display the delete page shown below. Press "**Yes, delete.**" to remove the record and be taken to the list of all authors.

> ![Screenshot displaying an option to delete author](forms_example_delete_author.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Form with option to delete author](forms_example_delete_author.png)
```
